Fix wrong Neovim release link (#1979)
neovim/nvim-lspconfig: README.md

## Install

> * Requires [Neovim 0.7](https://github.com/neovim/neovim/releases/tag/v0.7.0) or [Nightly](https://github.com/neovim/neovim/releases/tag/nightly). Update Nvim and nvim-lspconfig before reporting an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Requires [Neovim stable release](https://github.com/neovim/neovim/releases/tag/stable) or [Nightly](https://github.com/neovim/neovim/releases/tag/nightly). Update Nvim and nvim-lspconfig before reporting an issue.
```
